Author: Andrew Poitras

- [ ] 2.1.5 Section Review, Questions 1,2,3,4 and 5
  1. The central processor unit (CPU) contains registers and what other basic elements?
    Clock, control unit, and arithmetic logic unit
  
  2. The central processor unit is connected to the rest of the computer system using what three
buses?
    Data Bus, control bus, and address bus
  
  3. Why does memory access take more machine cycles than register access?
    Because the registers are on the CPU already while memory needs to be accessed using a bus.
  
  4. What are the three basic steps in the instruction execution cycle?
    Fetch, Decode, and Execute
  
  5. Which two additional steps are required in the instruction execution cycle when a memory
operand is used?
    Fetching and storing the memory operands

- [ ] 2.4.3 Section Review, Question 5
  5. What is the purpose of the 8259A PIC controller?
    It handles external hardware interrupts to interrupt the CPU in order to immediately process their requests.
    
- [ ] 2.5.2 Section Review, Questions 1, 3, 4, and 5
  1. Of the four levels of input/output in a computer system, which is the most universal and
portable?
    The application program level
  
  3. Why are device drivers necessary, given that the BIOS already has code that communicates
with the computer’s hardware?
    The device may be newer than the BIOS and do things that the BIOS wasn't written for.
    
  4. In the example regarding displaying a string of characters, which level exists between the
operating system and the video controller card?
    BIOS level

  5. Is it likely that the BIOS for a computer running MS-Windows would be different from that
used by a computer running Linux?
    No, the BIOS is usually capapble of working with multiple operating systems so that the user can install whichever OS that they want without changing the BIOS.

- [ ] 2.8 Review Question 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 19, 20, 25, and 26
  7. Which part of the CPU performs floating-point arithmetic?
    Floating point unit
  
  8. On a 32-bit processor, how many bits are contained in each floating-point data register?
     80
     
  9. (True/False): The x86-64 instruction set is backward-compatible with the x86 instruction set.
    True
    
  10. (True/False): In current 64-bit chip implementations, all 64 bits are used for addressing.
    False
    
  12. (True/False): Static RAM is usually less expensive than dynamic RAM.
    False
    
  19. (True/False): A bus is a plastic cable that is attached to the motherboard at both ends, but
does not sit directly on the motherboard.
    False
    
  20. (True/False): CMOS RAM is the same as static RAM, meaning that it holds its value without
any extra power or refresh cycles.
    False
    
  25. At which level(s) can an assembly language program manipulate input/output?
    All levels (Application program, OS, BIOS, and hardware)
  
  26. Why do game programs often send their sound output directly to the sound card’s hardware
ports?
    It executes as quickly as possible and allows game devs to use special features of different sound cards.
